Add info about running out of memory (#25472)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/help/faq/build_issues.md

## Build Issues id=buildissues

> Build issues are commonly caused by an invalid environment, an update to your repository
> and you now have a mismatch between MOOSE and your application, or one of our MOOSE Conda packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build issues are commonly caused by an invalid environment, an update to your repository
(leading to a mismatch between MOOSE and your application), or one of our MOOSE Conda packages
```

  if `mamba activate moose` failed, see [Conda Issues](help/troubleshooting.md#condaissues) above.

  !alert note

>   When ever an update is performed in Conda, an update should also be performed on your MOOSE repo.
>   And vice versa. It is important to keep both of these in sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Whenever an update is performed in Conda, an update should also be performed on your MOOSE repository,
  and vice versa. It is important to keep both of these in sync.
```

  Hello world from processor my_hostname, rank 2 out of 4 processors
  ```

> - Sometimes a build will fail due to running out of memory. When a build failes in this way, it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sometimes a build will fail due to running out of memory. When a build fails in this way, it is
```

  not always apparent. The compiler will simply die while not explaining why:

  ```bash
  make -j 8
  ...<trimmed>
  Compiling C++ (in opt mode) moose/framework/contrib/exodiff/FileInfo.C...
  Compiling C++ (in opt mode) moose/framework/contrib/exodiff/stringx.C...
  Compiling C++ (in opt mode) moose/framework/contrib/exodiff/iqsort.C...
  (standard input): Assembler message:
  (standard input): 488982: Warning: end of file not at end of a line; newline inserted
  x86_64-conda-linux-gnu-c++: fatal error: Killed signal terminated program cc1plus
  compilation terminated.
  make: *** [moose/framework/build.mk:150: moose/test/build/unity_src/object.x86_64-conda-linux-gnu.opt.lo] Error 1
  make: *** Waiting for unfinished jobs....
  ```

  If you are receiving a similar result, try reducing how many cores you are compiling with (try

>   `make -j 4` instead). Each core consumes roughly 2GB of RAM. More if you are compiling in debug
>   mode. Errors of this type are common among users who may be running on some form of virtual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `make -j 4` instead). Each core consumes roughly 2GB of RAM (more if you are compiling in debug
  mode). Errors of this type are common among users who may be running on some form of virtual
```

>   machine. Or when operating within an HPC cluster with strict resource availability guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  machine, or when operating within an HPC cluster with strict resource availability guidelines.
```
